---
id: 2
title: "FLEX - AI Health Trainer"
description: "AI-powered health application providing personalized diet and workout recommendations"
completedDate: "July 2024 ~ December 2024"
image: "/flex/flex-poster.png?height=300&width=500"
technologies: ["React Native","TypeScript","AI/ML","Zustand","Docker","Framer motion","linear gradient","Algorithm"]
demoUrl: "https://ljhpopol.notion.site/FLEX-f1bd18229be44e86976e2269e7e6108a?pvs=4"

sourceUrl: "https://github.com/Team-Losers/2024_Fall_Capstone"
screenshots: []
locale: "en"
---

# Overview

FLEX is an AI health trainer application that analyzes users' preferences and physical conditions to provide personalized diet and workout routines. The app uses advanced AI models for food recommendation systems and recommends exercises through a custom algorithm based on suggested foods and user physical information.

## Features

- FE/BE project development setup
- User-based personalized workout routine BE algorithm design
- UI/UX Design & Frontend development
- RESTful API design, API documentation, and database schema design

## Challenges


### Project Environment Setup with Docker

Set up a consistent development environment using Docker for team members who were new to web development. Throughout this process, I learned Django and enabled each team member to develop in their local environment.


### Workout Recommendation Algorithm Development

Faced the challenge of recommending exercises considering each individual's metabolic rate, dietary habits, and physical information.

Developed a workout recommendation algorithm that considers each user's basal metabolic rate and meal calorie intake. Additionally, implemented a feature that analyzes users' current muscle and body fat levels by area to focus exercise on areas that need improvement.


### User Preference Analysis

Developed a sophisticated preference analysis system using NLTK and ABSA techniques for accurate diet recommendations, achieving over 90% accuracy.

  